[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Back on the in
the console door the animations tab?
>> John Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: How do you get animations
to start recording or listening?
>> John Kuperman: So if you have,
so basically, let me get my canary.
Yeah, basically this is a new one too.
It should be just by default when
you go to it starting a record,
but it's not recording necessarily it's
listening for animation events to fire.
So if you go to that.
And then if you need to refresh your page,
if the animation fires at the unload, but
either way, just going to the tab
starts the listener for it.
>> Speaker 1: And then from the previous
section on the profiles panel,
is it possible to exclude source
patterns from the profiles panel?
>> John Kuperman: Not that I
know of like black boxing.
No, I don't think it is.
Yeah, I don't think it is.
The file find is what I always use just
searching for, searching for that so.
Cool.
So, we did koalas.
Okay the last thing, this is one of my
least favorite APIs in the whole world
is the will change AP- to CSS and
I think it should be renamed so
we'll change question mark.
That's because you don't actually control
anything it's like asking the browser to
maybe consider passing something some work
to the GPU that's basically what it does.
So you're like hey, I have a fixed
position thing, like that ad that we saw.
Hey browser, this is fixed position and
it's gonna animate or
it's gonna render a lot.
I'd love it if you would consider
tossing this work to the GPU for me.
And that's what you,
you throw that request over the wall and
hope that something happens.
Also, if you do too many of them
it just kind of chews on its own which
ones it obeys and which ones it doesn't.
But there's no set rule,
it's all about if the browsers busier not
how much GPU you have allocated, but
when it works it's kind of magical.
So yes, we've got this paint flashing
thing and like what we did before, right,
was just getting rid of stuff which
obviously is not again not viable,
although sometimes I wish it was.
So we can do this thing where we
like grab the problem areas that
are junking cuz they're taking up
too much CPU and we can say will
change transform and voila,
the GPU happens to handle it.
No more paint thrashing there.
So we can do the same thing.
We can go to the add, if we're lucky and
we grab the whole container
that's got the position fixed and
again we say we'll change, transform
and boom, no more green,
no more jank, no more rendering.
I wish it was that easy all the time.
It's not.
Sometimes you're going to use it and it's
not going to dole out the work correctly.
But sometimes it's awesome.
>> Speaker 3: Having the same
issue where it's not repainting
like your page is working fine.
>> John Kuperman: You're not
seeing any paint flashing.
>> Speaker 3: Same thing, yeah.
>> John Kuperman: The slack
will repaint occasionally, but
the actual page will not.
Gotcha.
I just did a fresh get pole and
it's got the animation wrapper and
everything.
>> Speaker 3: Gotcha.
Yeah I'm so, this one's definitely
a little bit more your mileage may vary.
I'm wondering if your, if it's being
tossed to the GPU automatically for you.
>> John Kuperman: I'm not sure.
Yeah, cuz, I don't know.
At least on my computer the fixed position
stuff is it's gonna be busy painting
the whole time.
But yeah,
I can try to take a look at it afterwards.
It might just be,
a lot of these are with a will change API.
It does that work for
you sometimes which is where we saw
with the FPS meter up we saw
that the GPU is doing some work.
So I'm wondering if yours
is being handled that way.
I'm not sure.
>> Speaker 3: Is there an easy way to
see what's being rendered by the GPU?
>> John Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: [CROSSTALK]
>> John Kuperman: What's that?
>> John Kuperman: Back in the timeline
view where we were at before, when you run
the recording here of the JS Profile,
it'll show you in multiple columns.
The busiest one is gonna
be the main thread,
but you can click in,
let me just do a quick recording.
So once the recording's done,
come on, there's like no work.
[LAUGH] Sorry, we'll refresh.
Once the recording's done, you can see
what's being handled on the main thread,
which should be almost everything, then
you can see what's being handed by the GPU
and click into specific functionality.
Again, it's going to be harder, easier
with JavaScript than it is with Paints
because they don't have this one to one
correlation with a piece of script.
>> Speaker 3: So you won't be able to
say it's this element on the page?
>> John Kuperman: So
basically not in all cases.
So if we kind of come up here and
minimize this main, and
then I can scroll down to GPU and then I
can kind of start expanding this stuff.
So you can kind of click in here and
then you'll have to go to summary.
It's not gonna be that one remission.
I do know that in one of the experiments
that we'll talk about of the very end,
they have a whole paint
tool coming out which
basically fills that void where you're
able to look at a block of paint and it'll
actually be able to help you visualize
in what area it is that's changing.
It's just doesn't have like a one to one
mapping with a piece of code necessarily
like a lot of different
things can trigger a paint.
So yeah, I would definitely
recommend I guess the take a take
away from there is like enable that
paint flashing on your sights and
see if you're getting
avoidable paint flashing.